The main changes I have made are the following:

1) The template is now set up to print the bibliography in IEEEtrans format.  This allowed me to use my existing .bib files.

2) The template is now set up for two, rather than three committee members.  To change, look around line 399 in the ucthesis.cls file

3) Graphics print all the time, even in draft mode.  To change, look around line 1687 in the ucthesis.cls file.

4) I commented out a bunch of pdflatex details in the thesis.tex file.  The compilation order that now works for me is:
  Latex -> dvi2ps -> ps2pdf

IMPORTANT NOTE: If your margins look way too small, it's because the default paper size for latex or dvi2ps or something is A4 paper.  Converting from A4 paper to letter paper then screws up all the margins.  I believe the "-t letter" flag will fix this.  I use WinEdt, so I just check a box and don't have to worry about it.

The template I modified came from:
http://eps.berkeley.edu/www/graduate/thesis/latex_template.html

The author's instructions (most of which still apply to the current template) are below.


-Niels Hoven, 5/24/2005

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

This is a thesis template for use with LaTeX 2e. 
I used PDFLaTeX and the MacOS X application TeXShop. Your mileage may
vary. Be sure to check to make sure that the format of the thesis requirements
have not changed. This was correct as of Fall 2004.

Compiled by: 	Matthew A. d'Alessio, UC Berkeley
		Ph.D., Geology



ESSENTIAL FILES
(should not need to be modified, though the end of ucthesis.cls is the best
 place to look for things you might consider changing (like included packages,
margins)
ucthesis.cls		The Class file for UC Format Thesis
	uc10.clo	Sub-files of the class for setting font size -- 10pt
	uc11.clo	11 pt
	uc12.clo	12 pt
	
agu.bst			The AGU format bibliography style file
			You can choose your own bst file if you want your
			bibliography entries to look differently...

EXAMPLE 
(You'll need to fill in everything with your own information)
thesis.tex		The example thesis file

EXAMPLE PIECES
(You'll probably just want to replace these with your own)
Abstract.tex		An example of an abstract.
introduction.tex	An example of a chapter
chapter2.tex		An example of a chapter
vitae.tex		An example of a C.V. (optional)
dedication.tex		An example of the optional dedication page.
acknowledgements.tex	An example of acknowledgements
bibliography.bib	An example file using LaTeX's BibTeX bibliography 
			records. You can output from EndNote to BibTeX.
			Note that the modified version of agu.bst that I 
			include does not change the case of manuscript titles 
			in the bibliography entries. Either use your own
			bst file or make sure that titles are capitalized
			correctly by the time they get to BibTeX.

VIEWING HELPERS
(You can use these to view certain pieces of your thesis)
view_abstract.tex	Title page and abstract (with no signature line)
			This is something you'll need to file several copies of.
view_acknowledgements	It's nice to read through just this section :-)
view_chapter2.tex	View a single chapter of the text.


also included in this directory:
HTML FILES CONTAINING HELPFUL INFORMATION ON FILING A DISSERTATION
index.html		Start here...


The ucthesis.cls file I started with came from:

http://chemengr.ucsb.edu/~ceweb/computing/LaTeX/ucthesis/ucthesis_style.htm
